And the next section we're going to be building.
Going to be or hiddenness future projects right.
So basically what we're going to have is a bunch of images that we're hearing and we're going to be
using one of Jay Querrey plug ins isotope in this case right here.
And we can click right and it actually filters for us.
Right.
And it's also what's happening is let's say for the smaller screens right you can see that it's responsive
and you can see how it's actually changing the images around.
Right.
So here we have let's say three right.
And if we keep going to the bigger one you can see how it changes around.
All right.
But again this is a really nice feature right.
And now it can if we want we can have them all.
And before we actually place it in a project in my opinion it's always really smart to actually start
working with an empty file.
All right.
So here you can see that if we go to Google right.
This is going to be my isotope genius.
But before we actually work in a project and just make a little bit more confusing than it has to be
when I'm going to do or Hinnom is going to create a new file that we're going to right away pretty much
delete.
Right.
I'm going to say this is going to be isotope right HVM now and we're going to create a file We're going
to see how it works and then we can just be discarded and then we're actually going to work in our project
right before we make everything confusing.
This is going to be very straight up set up want to say full HDMI skeleton or here right and or here
if we want to complete English and Watson and this is going to be set up like this.
Right.
Once we say this let's head back over here to the actual Goul.
Right and if you're going to right over here I said yes this is what you're going to get.
So I'm going to bravely open this one up.
Right.
And first of all you can see or hear that everything's explained right now just on set up alone.
I think I can make a tutorial for five hours right.
So we're not going to be doing that right.
We will pretty much briefly look of what things we need to actually include in the argument.
And if you want you can go ahead and actually explore for yourself in further detail.
So here first things first install and then you can see again the same the Jake.
We need CDN.
Now we also need the actual Jacquard CD and also what I'm going to say here.
All right.
We're going to have a copy of it so you can see that this is going to be modified version or you can
just have a regular doesn't really matter.
Obviously you're for your production you want actually a magnified right.
But also remember for commercial purposes right you actually do need to buy it right.
Obviously we're going to be just testing it out so it doesn't matter.
But do not make a website and start making money from it and just put it without paying for it.
So I'm going to head back to document and note here first things first of all I'm going to say that
this is going to be souped up.
I so hope we're here and we're going to copy and paste this in this.
So now we're here we have our I said then after that we'll do what we want.
I would actually one day query magic.
We already have.
I mean remember we had the script for January so we're going to do the same thing or copy and paste.
I took page IMAO And here we're going to have a query like this.
So now we copied the Jaguar.
So first things first how we can actually do the filtering.
And it's actually very easy to go into filtering and you can see there's an explanation right.
First of all we need grid.
And basically this is going to be the variable we set up right.
And here it's selectors.
So we're going to start basically by getting whatever they're saying.
All right.
So I'm saying we're here.
So this would be a selectors All right.
And this is how we would do this right.
So we'd select grid then it's going to be I said dope and then we'll do the filtering.
Right.
And this assumes that we're using and Jake way now if we go over here all the way in the bottom and
we're going to find you here.
Right.
So it shows us how we can work with the buttons and how we can actually use the buttons.
So what I'm going to do here since we are going to be replicating this in our project I'm actually going
to do it this way.
So I'm glad to hear comping and we're going to get it in our document.
This is going to place right away the buttons.
Right.
And what we're going to do or here let's maybe delete some of them right.
We don't need that many.
I'd say we're all going to have a three of them right.
And what we need to pay attention to is that button and then we need to hear and this Data Filter right
again when we're going to be creating ourselves right.
We're going to create everything from scratch right.
We just pay attention to these glasses.
I'm just going to name this class first.
Let's say I'm going name this class.
Second here and first over here.
So first and this guys going to be second now we have these two classes here.
Now we need actual content into what would be actually our content.
And again when we were going to do is we can just go back to documentation.
This is always going to be our best guess.
Right so what we would want to know here we would need to look at what would be their actual sir.
I know there are actually this kind of set up right where we have the grid right.
And over here this is going to be here element and this is going to be the glasses.
And you can see the classes are actually connected.
Let me show you what I mean by this.
So I'm going to add over here this grid and I'm going to do the copy.
And again this was the buttons right.
Now this is going to be the grid.
Right.
And those are going to be two separate things right.
So now I can see that I have a grid.
Right.
And the buttons.
Now what I'm going to do here is I'm going to delete the glasses that they are offering great and on
here I'm going to write first and let's say we're here and this is going to be the second.
All right here.
This is going to be the second second here.
And actually what I'm going to do I'm going to delete these ones for now.
All right.
Oh my goodness.
And then just copy and paste this.
And so I'm going to select both of them and let's say you know what.
Let's let's actually add those images.
All right.
So first in this day of right you can see what I want.
I want this to match.
Actually this guy right here this button is going to be selecting them right.
I obviously need these.
Does that actually have this class right.
It wouldn't make sense I'm having a data filter but I'm not actually using this as an image.
Right.
And again since we have the images right we can just grab it over here and let's do I don't know like
some kind of.
Well we can use the same ones maybe the ones that are going to be using later on.
All right.
So we're going to have a serious one but let's do a with right away let's say like Condren.
So it's not actually all over the place right.
So we have our first image or right and we're going to do is we're going to do the same thing.
All right.
And we're just going to change the image so we can just select image on here.
Let's copy this.
Let's paste it over here and over here let's change maybe the value.
Right.
So this is going to be number two.
So what's happening over here right now is that we have two elements and both of them have image.
But you can see the difference for them is where we have a first.
All right.
And the second.
And over here that's going to be the difference.
What we actually would want right here what we need to do here we need to change this one.
The second one here maybe let's delete this line.
This looks like the home line.
And let's actually you can see that I'm doing all kinds of things that I actually don't need to do.
And here would be what I would want to do is delete this line.
Now I have these two divs.
Let's make them maybe a few more.
Right.
Here you can see like this right now we have three images like this and three images like this.
And what I would want is once I press the first one right only the first ones that are going to be showing
red because you can see that I'm targeting this glass and this is going to be the first class.
Then over here this is going to be the first class somewhere or here right.
Let's maybe do a beautify because otherwise it's kind of hard for me to say what I have actually done
right.
So it's open there's more here and or here.
Let's do the beautifies right now you can see that first class second class first class second class
first class second class.
Now we're going to go back over here and let's actually look at what we need to do.
So under you I right that pretty much right away if we're using the bottom group they give you a sample.
So we really don't need to even overthink this why.
So what I'm going to do here we're just going to copy and paste this like this.
And now we would need to create a script that's going to do here.
I'm going to say script.
We're not going to use a source.
I'm going to do the internal script.
I was going to copy and paste this one out here right.
So once we say this one more here you can see what's saying right.
So first of all I would want to target a grid.
Do we have a classic grid.
Well yes we do.
Now maybe let's do this let's add actual let.
This is going to make a little bit more sense now in javascript we're using Latin at the bar.
All right then what it's saying I set up right at the isotope function.
Then here we're targeting the filter button group or here.
What is the button group or here is this one.
So we have a filter button group or here.
And what's happening.
I would want a bottom right on click.
So once I clicked the bottom what should happen right.
Again we're going to create a variable.
And again we're going to collect and basically we're going to check what is the attribute date of filter.
I mean on the button and whatever it is we're actually going to show it filter.
And this is going to be the filter value.
So if the attribute is going to be first class the first class is going to be showing if the filter
is going to be second class.
The second reason is going to be very straightforward.
So here you say this and we're going to refresh it over here and you can see that everything is working.
First of all we can see that everything is working just because of the fact that you can see that I
said right away line them up like this right.
So this is the way that you know device is actually doing its thing right.
And then over here we have show all first and second and we already know that if we're going to place
the first button you can see only the first ones are shown.
So it goes and finds the classes on here first first first.
Right.
And then we have the second.
Right now we're here for a second.
Now we actually have the second one.
Well that's right.
And for one show all now all of them are sharp right because you can see or hear the data filters pretty
much data filter off.
And again if we're going to go back to a documentation right we can go ahead and we can spend here countless
hours.
Right.
And I mean again you can literally make another tutorial out of this but we're not going to be doing
this because our goal is actually creating here this website project right.
We're just using the Jake word plugins in our advantage to make our page stand up right.
And I was like when we were going to redo the whole section right in our work section there was going
to be next one creating here.
Remember this guy right.
We're still going to be recreating a lot of things.
So if you didn't catch everything right don't worry there's going to be still time right.
However this gives as a basic example right we're using a button then we using the same filter button
group.
But again if we would change the glasses or here right the only thing you need or here is change the
values.
We can still keep the same code over here right.
Again you can see this is going to be in the filter button rubric.
Of course if you have the different class right you can actually have a different class.
It doesn't really matter as long as you're keeping the same syntax over here.
So let's go ahead and let's actually build on our work section.